feat(flags): document JS Unleash integration (#12338)
getsentry/sentry-docs: platform-includes/configuration/unleash/javascript.ember.mdx

Before using this integration, you need to install and instrument Unleash in your app. Learn more by reading [Unleash's SDK reference](https://docs.getunleash.io/reference/sdks/javascript-browser) and [quickstart](https://docs.getunleash.io/quickstart).

```javascript

> import * as Sentry from "@sentry/ember";
> import { UnleashClient } from "unleash-proxy-client";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import * as Sentry from '@sentry/ember';
import { UnleashClient } from 'unleash-proxy-client';
```
the other doc snippets use single quotes but don't know if this matters
